README.md, before:

# Traffic Light Classifier

### About this
This tutorial is about creating tensorflow object detection model for traffic light classifier.
We will follow the source from medium post : [Step by Step TensorFlow Object Detection API Tutorial](https://medium.com/@WuStangDan/step-by-step-tensorflow-object-detection-api-tutorial-part-1-selecting-a-model-a02b6aabe39e)

Useful links for this project: <br>

* [github repository for tensorflow models](https://github.com/tensorflow/models)
* [Installation instructions](https://github.com/tensorflow/models/blob/master/research/object_detection/g3doc/installation.md)
* [Installing TensorFlow on Windows](https://www.tensorflow.org/install/install_windows)
* [TensorFlow official website](https://www.tensorflow.org/install/install_windows)

Use the following commands to clone the tensorflow/models repository into your local computer. This will clone the folder **models** into your current folder. These instructions are specific to windows system.
```
git clone https://github.com/tensorflow/models.git 
```
Navigate into the **models/research** folder and add the current directory and **slim** directory into `PYTHONPATH`
```
cd models\research
set PYTHONPATH=%PYTHONPATH%;%cd%;%cd%\slim
echo %PYTHONPATH%
%PYTHONPATH%;C:\Users\...\models\research;C:\Users\...\models\research\slim
```
To confirm this type in the terminal inside `python` shell. This should show the two paths in the list.
```
python
>>> import sys
>>> sys.path
```

### Selecting a pre-complied model

Useful links for models

* [Tensorflow detection model zoo](https://github.com/tensorflow/models/blob/master/research/object_detection/g3doc/detection_model_zoo.md)

We will use **ssd_mobilenet_v1_coco**, which is simplest and fastest pre-trained model.
Download this model from the following link and extract inside *models\research\object_detection* directory.
http://download.tensorflow.org/models/object_detection/ssd_mobilenet_v1_coco_2017_11_17.tar.gz

Commit message:

added extracted files from ssd_mobilenet_v1_coco

README.md, after:

# Traffic Light Classifier

### About this
This tutorial is about creating tensorflow object detection model for traffic light classifier.
We will follow the source from medium post : [Step by Step TensorFlow Object Detection API Tutorial](https://medium.com/@WuStangDan/step-by-step-tensorflow-object-detection-api-tutorial-part-1-selecting-a-model-a02b6aabe39e)

Useful links for this project: <br>

* [github repository for tensorflow models](https://github.com/tensorflow/models)
* [Installation instructions](https://github.com/tensorflow/models/blob/master/research/object_detection/g3doc/installation.md)
* [Installing TensorFlow on Windows](https://www.tensorflow.org/install/install_windows)
* [TensorFlow official website](https://www.tensorflow.org/install/install_windows)

Use the following commands to clone the tensorflow/models repository into your local computer. This will clone the folder **models** into your current folder. These instructions are specific to windows system.
```
git clone https://github.com/tensorflow/models.git 
```
Navigate into the **models/research** folder and add the current directory and **slim** directory into `PYTHONPATH`
```
cd models\research
set PYTHONPATH=%PYTHONPATH%;%cd%;%cd%\slim
echo %PYTHONPATH%
%PYTHONPATH%;C:\Users\...\models\research;C:\Users\...\models\research\slim
```
To confirm this type in the terminal inside `python` shell. This should show the two paths in the list.
```
python
>>> import sys
>>> sys.path
```

### Selecting a pre-complied model

Useful links for models

* [Tensorflow detection model zoo](https://github.com/tensorflow/models/blob/master/research/object_detection/g3doc/detection_model_zoo.md)
* [COCO : Common Objects in Context](http://cocodataset.org/#home)
* [Arxiv: Microsoft COCO: Common Objects in Context paper, arXiv:1405.0312](https://arxiv.org/abs/1405.0312)

We will use **ssd_mobilenet_v1_coco**, which is simplest and fastest pre-trained model. This is trained with COCO dataset with **80 object categories**.
Download this model from the following link and extract inside *models\research\object_detection* directory.
http://download.tensorflow.org/models/object_detection/ssd_mobilenet_v1_coco_2017_11_17.tar.gz

Navigate to the extracted directory and locate these files.
```
cd ssd_mobilenet_v1_coco_2017_11_17
checkpoint
frozen_inference_graph.pb
model.ckpt.data-00000-of-00001
model.ckpt.index
model.ckpt.meta
saved_model/
  saved_model.pb
  variables/
```
